Describe the Global Content feature in Starter Kit (#2432)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Add-ons/Starter-Kit-TEMP/Content-Types/Global-Content/index.md

---
versionFrom: 8.0.0
---

# The Global Content
		

> This Node lets you create the widgets, that you will then later be able to, use in The Global Content Widget.

Author: ```suggestion
This node lets you create the widgets that you will then later be able to use in The Global Content Widget.
```

When you have created a widget here it will work as a template in the future, so that you will only have to set it up once, saving you a lot of time in the future. 
		

Setting your widgets up with this feature ensures that every time you make a new page, you can get the same design on each page.

> This is because you made this template, all you will need to do is add it in the Global Content Widget, making it super straight forward to keep the same design on all of your pages.

Author: Removed "This is because you made this template", as this is already implied by the first part of this section.

Otherwise it's a really good introduction to the Global Content feature.

```suggestion
All you will need to do is add them in the Global Content Widget, making it super straight forward to keep the same design on all of your pages.
```

> ## Setting up Globale Widgets

Author: ```suggestion
## Setting up Global Content
```

![movePage.jpg](images/Globale-Widget.png) 
		

> - From The Content tree on the left, hover over content 

Author: ```suggestion
- From the Content tree on the left, hover over Content 
```

> - Then click the ... select Global Content Holder

Author: ```suggestion
- Then click the `...` and select Global Content Holder - this will serve as a folder for your Global Content
```

> - Name this folder what you would like your global content folder to be called

Author: ```suggestion
- Name the folder anything that makes sense to your setup
```

> - Then hover the folder you created in the content tree

Author: ```suggestion
- Then hover the folder, and click the `...`
```

> - Click the ... here you will get two options, the first one is Global Content, The second one is Global Content Holder

Author: ```suggestion
- Here you will have two options: the first one is Global Content, the second one is the Global Content Holder
```

		

- Pick the one you want

![movePage.jpg](images/Globale-options.png)

		

### Global Content

> - If you Selected Global Content	

Author: ```suggestion
If you Selected Global Content, follow these steps to create widgets:

```

- When you press Add Content a window will pop up where you can select what widget you want to work with (you can select multiple widgets)

> - Once you have selected the widget(s) you want to use

Author: ```suggestion
- Select and configure the widget(s) you want to use
```

- You set them up like you would do normally, the only difference here is that they will be marked as Global Content

> - Doing so makes it so that you can use these pre-setup widgets, on multiple pages of your site where they will have the settings that you set up here.

Author: ```suggestion
Doing this, you will now have a set of pre-setup widgets, which you can then use on multiple pages of your site.
```

> 

Author: ```suggestion
Learn more about how to use the Global Content on your pages in the section about the [Global Content Widget](../../Widgets/index.md#the-global-content-widget).
```

		

### Global Content Holder
		

> Now for your second option in the Section tree

Author: ```suggestion
Now for your second option regarding Global Content, which is the Global Content Holder. This gives you the option to create another folder, if you want to structure your Global Content further.
```

this is the Global Content Holder, Which gives you the option to create a folder, this is for storing your global content.
		

You can even choose to make another folder within your folder.
		

> Here you can see how you work with the [Global Content Widget](../../Widgets/index.md#newsletterTheGlobalContentWidget)

Author: I've moved the link to the "Global Content" section.
```suggestion
```
